src/pages/guides/triggering_an_event/index.md, before:

---
title: Triggering an Event from the APIs
description: Learn how to trigger webhook events from the Photoshop API by including your IMS ORG ID in API calls
hideBreadcrumbNav: true
keywords:
  - webhook events
  - IMS ORG ID
  - event handling
  - job status
  - API events
contributors:
  - https://github.com/AEAbreu-hub
---

# Triggering an Event from the APIs

You can trigger webhook events from the Photoshop API by including your IMS ORG ID in API calls.


To receive events in your webhook application, pass the IMS ORG ID in a header: `x-gw-ims-org-id: <YOUR_IMS_ORG_ID>`, when you make an API call to initiate a job.

## Retrieving a PSD manifest

The `/documentManifest` API can take one or more input PSD's and generate JSON manifest files from them. The JSON manifest provides a representation of all the layer objects contained in the PSD document.

Using `Example.psd`, with the use case of a document stored in your external storage, a typical cURL call might look like this:

```shell
curl -X POST \
  https://image.adobe.io/pie/psdService/documentManifest \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $token"  \
  -H "x-api-key: $apiKey" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H 'x-gw-ims-org-id: <YOUR_IMS_ORG_ID>' \
  -d '{
  "inputs": [
    {
      "href":"<SIGNED_GET_URL>",
      "storage":"<storage>"
    }
  ]
}'
```

This initiates an asynchronous job and returns a response containing the href to [poll for job status and the JSON manifest](/guides/get_job_status/).

**Example response:**

```json
{
    "_links": {
        "self": {
            "href": "https://image.adobe.io/pie/psdService/status/63c6e812-6cb8-43de-8a60-3681a9ec6feb"
        }
    }
}
```

## Receive the job's status on the webhook application

The value in the `body` field contains the result of the job.

**Example response:**

```json
{
  "event_id": "b412a90e-8bc0-4f0d-931e-9e9b8d24993d",
  "event": {
    "header": {
      "msgType": "JOB_COMPLETION_STATUS",
      "msgId": "8afa1a46-2733-406c-a646-e1c1acdee333",
      "imsOrgId": "<YOUR_IMS_ORG_ID>",
      "eventCode": "photoshop-job-status",
      "_pipelineMeta": {
        "pipelineMessageId": "1586288145511:631472:VA7_A1:142:0"
      },
      "_smarts": {
        "definitionId": "3ee6c9056a9d72fc40e09ddf5fdbb0af752e8e49",
        "runningSmartId": "psmart-yw6wosjksniuuathenny"
      },
      "_adobeio": {
        "imsOrgId": "<YOUR_IMS_ORG_ID>",
        "providerMetadata": "di_event_code",
        "eventCode": "photoshop-job-status"
      }
    },
    "body": {
      "jobId": "63c6e812-6cb8-43de-8a60-3681a9ec6feb",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "status": "succeeded",
          "layers": [
            {
              "id": 2,
              "index": 0,
              "type": "layer",
              "name": "Layer",
              "locked": false,
              "visible": true,
              "bounds": {
                "top": 0,
                "left": 0,
                "width": 100,
                "height": 100
              },
              "blendOptions": {
                "opacity": 100,
                "mode": "normal"
              }
            }
          ],
          "document": {
            "name": "test.psd",
            "width": 1000,
            "height": 1000,
            "bitDepth": 8,
            "imageMode": "rgb",
            "photoshopBuild": "Adobe Creative Imaging Service"
          }
        }
      ],
      "_links":{
        "self":{
          "href":"https://image.adobe.io/pie/psdService/status/8ec6e4f5-b580-41ac-b693-a72f150fec59"
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Commit message:

Added link to webhooks concepts page on Trigger an event guide

src/pages/guides/triggering_an_event/index.md, after:

---
title: Triggering an Event from the APIs
description: Learn how to trigger webhook events from the Photoshop API by including your IMS ORG ID in API calls
hideBreadcrumbNav: true
keywords:
  - webhook events
  - IMS ORG ID
  - event handling
  - job status
  - API events
contributors:
  - https://github.com/AEAbreu-hub
---

# Triggering an Event from the APIs

You can trigger webhook events from the Photoshop API by including your IMS ORG ID in API calls. To understand what webhook events are and how Photoshop uses them, start with [the page on using webhooks and events](../../getting_started/webhooks/).

To receive events in your webhook application, pass the IMS ORG ID in a header: `x-gw-ims-org-id: <YOUR_IMS_ORG_ID>`, when you make an API call to initiate a job.

## Retrieving a PSD manifest

The `/documentManifest` API can take one or more input PSD's and generate JSON manifest files from them. The JSON manifest provides a representation of all the layer objects contained in the PSD document.

Using `Example.psd`, with the use case of a document stored in your external storage, a typical cURL call might look like this:

```shell
curl -X POST \
  https://image.adobe.io/pie/psdService/documentManifest \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $token"  \
  -H "x-api-key: $apiKey" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H 'x-gw-ims-org-id: <YOUR_IMS_ORG_ID>' \
  -d '{
  "inputs": [
    {
      "href":"<SIGNED_GET_URL>",
      "storage":"<storage>"
    }
  ]
}'
```

This initiates an asynchronous job and returns a response containing the href to [poll for job status and the JSON manifest](/guides/get_job_status/).

**Example response:**

```json
{
    "_links": {
        "self": {
            "href": "https://image.adobe.io/pie/psdService/status/63c6e812-6cb8-43de-8a60-3681a9ec6feb"
        }
    }
}
```

## Receive the job's status on the webhook application

The value in the `body` field contains the result of the job.

**Example response:**

```json
{
  "event_id": "b412a90e-8bc0-4f0d-931e-9e9b8d24993d",
  "event": {
    "header": {
      "msgType": "JOB_COMPLETION_STATUS",
      "msgId": "8afa1a46-2733-406c-a646-e1c1acdee333",
      "imsOrgId": "<YOUR_IMS_ORG_ID>",
      "eventCode": "photoshop-job-status",
      "_pipelineMeta": {
        "pipelineMessageId": "1586288145511:631472:VA7_A1:142:0"
      },
      "_smarts": {
        "definitionId": "3ee6c9056a9d72fc40e09ddf5fdbb0af752e8e49",
        "runningSmartId": "psmart-yw6wosjksniuuathenny"
      },
      "_adobeio": {
        "imsOrgId": "<YOUR_IMS_ORG_ID>",
        "providerMetadata": "di_event_code",
        "eventCode": "photoshop-job-status"
      }
    },
    "body": {
      "jobId": "63c6e812-6cb8-43de-8a60-3681a9ec6feb",
      "outputs": [
        {
          "status": "succeeded",
          "layers": [
            {
              "id": 2,
              "index": 0,
              "type": "layer",
              "name": "Layer",
              "locked": false,
              "visible": true,
              "bounds": {
                "top": 0,
                "left": 0,
                "width": 100,
                "height": 100
              },
              "blendOptions": {
                "opacity": 100,
                "mode": "normal"
              }
            }
          ],
          "document": {
            "name": "test.psd",
            "width": 1000,
            "height": 1000,
            "bitDepth": 8,
            "imageMode": "rgb",
            "photoshopBuild": "Adobe Creative Imaging Service"
          }
        }
      ],
      "_links":{
        "self":{
          "href":"https://image.adobe.io/pie/psdService/status/8ec6e4f5-b580-41ac-b693-a72f150fec59"
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```
